You scare me again
Wife, it seems that you pretended to be tired last night
I believe you
Get up quickly
There are still cabinets in the morning
Wife, why didn't you bring the necklace I gave you?
You rich people are just sick
You said a necklace of 200 million yuan, how do you want me to wear it?
I will directly
Bought a super expensive safe
Lock it up to save throwing it away
If you lose it, I'll give you another one.
Sister-in-law
You asked grandma
I have something to tell you
clear
Do you and Xiaojiang need to speed up the progress if you don't stop?
That's right, Xiaoqing
I can do it with you.
Grandma is going to Jianghai City
Hug your grandson when you come back
What's wrong with me and your grandma?
I went to Taobao to buy you medicine last night
I went and said that the task has been given.
It has to be done.
Did you do it?
It's none of my business.
But seriously
Brother, can you do it?
It's been a year.
Why hasn't my sister-in-law's stomach moved at all?
Let's shut up first
Wife bought it so soon
Sister-in-law has a doll